Did my brother-in-law ask you to save me?
Why didn't brother-in-law come?
Sister, why don't you talk, sister?
sister
Linman
You don't know Chu Minghua at all
What kind of person is he?
You have no idea how scary he is
Sister, you know it all
Do you think he really loves you?
You can be here today
All because of him
Chu Minghua
Wake up, Linman
Sister, I know I was wrong.
Of course I know it all
Look at the girls on his computer
You are one of them.
How special do you think you are in his heart?
You are nothing special
Sister, I know I was wrong.
Manman
You are my sister
I grew up watching you
I don't want to see you hurt in the slightest
I hope you can find someone who truly loves you
Live a happy life, okay?
Sister, I know I was wrong.
It's alright, take your time.
You are still young
It's not too late.
Don't be like a sister
You must live a happy life, okay?
Come on.
A feeling
Choose who to be with
The ending will be worlds apart
Someone will be your light
Some people will put out the light in your world
I tried marriage for you
People can be unhappy
But you have to be conscious.